Ah.
Ghosts.
Your Majesty.
Call me what?
Your princess's face burned when she saved me.
You can still call the doctor to treat you well.
My body is a little tired.
Go ahead.
I will definitely make it up to you later.
I'm resigning.
Send the princess to my servant.
It's your majesty.
Your Majesty.
I love you so.
I'd rather lose my life than save you from the fire.
Why do you love the princess?
Why spoil her?
Let this beautiful woman take such great advantage.
Why?
The old slave owner in the folk finds you a little fake leather.
Mom.
With my burns
Your Majesty, he will no longer love me for the rest of his life.
Master
Or we'll confess to the princess first.
When the Queen Mother comes back, she will be your master.
Hi.
Ha ha ha.
The next day I'll be with you every day.
Love alone you
I will definitely serve you well.
Your Majesty suddenly came to visit.
Not to disturb the interest of the emperor and the princess sister, right?
Yao, please sit down.
What are you looking for me for?
The king now has very few concubines.
I can't serve because I'm burned.
So I deliberately found a beauty from outside the palace.
I don't know if the king wants to see you.
Beautiful girl
Yes.
If this beautiful woman had the Sacred Heart
It was also good to enter the palace with the princess sister opening branches and leaves for the emperor.
Where?
Let's go.
Lady Yang Lihua watched the emperor
The Queen
Princess
Please raise your head for me to see.